c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\HFPMApp.dll
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\HFPMApp.pdb
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\HFPMApp_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\HFPMApp.g.resources
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\HFPMApp.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\HFPMApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\HFPMApp.dll
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\HFPMApp.pdb
c:\users\basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\MainMenuPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\HFPMApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\Bin\Debug\el-GR\HFPMApp.resources.dll
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\HFPMApp.Resources.AppResources.el-GR.resources
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\el-GR\HFPMApp.resources.dll
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\Declared.g.cs
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\Edit.g.cs
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\Personal_Program.g.cs
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\Search.g.cs
C:\Users\Basilis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HFPMApp\HFPMApp\obj\Debug\Edit2.g.cs
